README.md, before:

This is  modified version of PHP Network Weathermap (orginal README is below)

The modified version starts at version 0.1 by Neil Lathwood (neil@lathwood.co.uk) for use as a plugin for LibreNMS and currently includes basic support for picking out nodes and links from your LibreNMS install. See INSTALL for details.

This is PHP Network Weathermap, version 0.97b by Howard Jones (howie@thingy.com)

See the docs sub-directory for full HTML documentation, FAQ and example config.

See CHANGES for the most recent updates, listed by version.

See COPYING for the license under which php-weathermap is released.

There is much more information, tutorials and updates available at:
    http://www.network-weathermap.com/


----

PHP Weathermap contains components from other software developers:

overlib.js is part of Overlib 4.21, copyright Erik Bosrup 1998-2004. All rights reserved.
See http://www.bosrup.com/web/overlib/?License

The Bitstream Vera Open Source fonts (Vera*.ttf) are copyright Bitstream, Inc.
See http://www.bitstream.com/font_rendering/products/dev_fonts/vera.html

The manual uses the Kube CSS Framework - http://imperavi.com/kube/
and ParaType's PT Sans font: http://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/PT-Sans

jquery-latest.min.js is the jQuery javascript library - written by John Resig and collaborators.
http://docs.jquery.com/Licensing

Some of the icons used in the editor, and also supplied in the images/ folder are
from the excellent Fam Fam Fam Silk icon collection by Mark James: 
   http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/
These are released under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 License
   http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/

Commit message:

Added Rob Collins (https://github.com/RobsanInc/Weathermap changes to be Php 7.2+ compliant

README.md, after:

This is  modified version of PHP Network Weathermap (orginal README is below)

This version has been modified by Rob Collins. This version is compatible with PHP 7.2+ and libpng 1.6+. 
overlib.js defaults have been changed to better match the look of LibreNMS overlib_mini.js. The menu for
Overview->Plugins->Weathermap-Maps has been modified to include the editor and strip .conf from the map names.
If a network map that begins with overview (overview*.png) is created, this will be your default map when 
you click on Overview->Plugins->Weathermap.  

The modified version starts at version 0.1 by Neil Lathwood (neil@lathwood.co.uk) for use as a plugin for LibreNMS and currently includes basic support for picking out nodes and links from your LibreNMS install. See INSTALL for details.

This is PHP Network Weathermap, version 0.97b by Howard Jones (howie@thingy.com)

See the docs sub-directory for full HTML documentation, FAQ and example config.

See CHANGES for the most recent updates, listed by version.

See COPYING for the license under which php-weathermap is released.

There is much more information, tutorials and updates available at:
    http://www.network-weathermap.com/


----

PHP Weathermap contains components from other software developers:

overlib.js is part of Overlib 4.21, copyright Erik Bosrup 1998-2004. All rights reserved.
See http://www.bosrup.com/web/overlib/?License

The Bitstream Vera Open Source fonts (Vera*.ttf) are copyright Bitstream, Inc.
See http://www.bitstream.com/font_rendering/products/dev_fonts/vera.html

The manual uses the Kube CSS Framework - http://imperavi.com/kube/
and ParaType's PT Sans font: http://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/PT-Sans

jquery-latest.min.js is the jQuery javascript library - written by John Resig and collaborators.
http://docs.jquery.com/Licensing

Some of the icons used in the editor, and also supplied in the images/ folder are
from the excellent Fam Fam Fam Silk icon collection by Mark James: 
   http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/
These are released under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 License
   http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/
